hey there everybody welcome back to more
let's play plants vs zombies I'm Dave
McCauley I haven't played this game in a
couple days now let's see let's see how
I do did I show you guys this already
that i bought the ninth slot I can't
remember about that can't remember to
show you that or that or that now what
the hell yeah shut your mouth all right
no one needs to hear it let's go all
right
what the hell is that sweet sin monkey I
don't even know you I don't have 0 for
lover oh oh my god have an extra choice
i love this i love this okay there's no
minors Oh decisions decisions I've heard
that the cattail was good but he's
expensive as hell I mean Wow want
something cheap maybe I don't know ah
you know what let's it's expensive to
he's a cheaper but he only works in the
water I don't know how many of you water
guys I'm gonna get this round the hell
let's try a mine why not right I mean
the only thing I can do is fail I
probably should have put the microphone
closer to my face area I don't know well
whatever oh hell I don't know where he's
coming from somewhere the bottom oh no
he's coming from this Lane alrighty then
ah man allergies allergies are not good
people I tell ya
who the hell is getting eaten hey hey
hey hey oh whoa oh hopefully the
mine will kill them whoa whoa whoa
explode explode you bastard what the
no no no all right now we know how
that's going to turn out I think I
should have chose my offense a little
better oh who is getting eaten over here
grow my minions grow and flourish oh
crap what's happening oh no you stop
that I want to waste Oh crud not what I
wanted to have happen right now son of a
bitch
aucoin oh my god this is turning out to
be a very bad situation oh yeah mine
turned out to be a very good situation
just sometimes bad or bad at times the
hell is that magnet room removes helmets
and other mental objects from zombies so
I take it the next level there's going
to be zombies with buckets on their head
again Hey and that'll work for the the
pogo stick guys those smarmy bastards
anyways guys that's it for this video I
will see you guys next time for more
plants vs zombies I'm Dave McCauley SIA